No intro. No title. Just a printed document, firmly held onto the wooden desk with tape.
1. Accept all employees, no matter what color uniform they are in. Though we only provide blue uniforms at the zoo, if someone wears black or red uniforms in the same style, please treat them as employees too.
2. When there’s nobody outside, it is normal for you to hear a child’s laughter or cries in the hallway. Ignore; pretend not to hear. You must not appear distressed or disconcerted.
3. Do not allow employees to bring pets into the zoo. If someone insists, don’t penalize them, but ask them to bear all responsibilities for their action.
4. Count the number of white lions every three days, and record the changes in numbers in the spreadsheet named IT. Do not investigate what IT is, and do not rename the file. Do not discuss this with anybody, including family.
5. Every map has to have a portion one can tear off following a dashed line. The map is manufactured by a special company, whose contact details are on your computer. You must keep at least three maps in the office at all times.
6. No matter how often elephant area guards resign, how much benefits they want, treat them well, and do your best to meet their demands. Their demands are not unfounded but do not investigate why they do so.
7. When you are checking in with the employees on duty, if you see them capture fugitive rabbits, fetch dried jellyfish, or rabbits killed by white lions, these are normal. Do not complain to or penalize the employee, but make sure all procedures are indeed thoroughly carried.
8. The light in your office must be on between 1:15 am and 6:00 am, even if there is nobody inside. This place has the most sturdy power supply infrastructure in the entire zoo, and power outages are not normal. If the power is out, immediately tear off the corner of a map following the dashed line, and walk out holding it in your hand. Tell the first employee you see about this. No matter what color uniform this person is wearing, and no matter what this person is about to do, your request for them to help you handle the power outage will not be refused.
9. Do not investigate if the aquarium exists. However, if you see the aquarium, you can take a walk inside. When outside the aquarium, please obey the poster posted outside; when inside the aquarium, please obey the poster posted inside. If the two posters conflict with each other, decide which poster to follow based on where your body is located when you see the rule.
10. The sofa in your office only has toy monkeys and toy white lions. If a toy goat/rabbit/elephant appears, there is no need to work at your desk. Leave, and only return after surveillance room employees confirm the extra toys are gone.
11. You can nap in the afternoon, but if you chose to do a night shift, do not nap at night. Keep awake and alert at all costs. If you cannot guarantee this, do not go on a night shift.
12. The surveillance cameras are occasionally damaged. To check if the camera is functional, look for animal hair on and around it. If you find any, do not repair the camera for a month. If necessary you can purchase miniature cameras on your own. This will be reimbursed.
13. It is normal for the rubbish bin to contain dried-out jellyfish. Simply remind the cleaner during rubbish collection.
14. If you failed to obey any of the above, pretend nothing wrong happened, and spend thirteen hours in the office. If you are hungry, please order delivered food, and ask an employee to bring the food in. Do not leave the office. Do not make eye contact with the employee or delivery driver, do not look into mirrors. Remind yourself constantly that humans have and only have two eyes.
15. Remember at all times, that the safety and wellbeing of humans are more important than animals. When necessary, sacrifice any animal. Don’t be merciful — you don’t know if it is an animal or not.